Migrate Home Assistant Supervisor actions to dedicated action pages (#46024)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/hassio.app_restart.markdown

---
title: "Restart app"
action: hassio.app_restart
domain: hassio
description: "Restarts a Home Assistant app."
related_actions:
  - hassio.app_start
  - hassio.app_stop
  - hassio.app_stdin
---

> Use this action to restart a running app. Apps were previously called add-ons. A common use is to restart an app on a schedule, or to recover an app that has stopped responding, without restarting all of Home Assistant.

Reviewer: Let's link to the glossary entry instead: https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/glossary/#app

```suggestion
Use this action to restart a running {% term app %}. A common use is to restart an app on a schedule, or to recover an app that has stopped responding, without restarting all of Home Assistant.
```
